                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
HarborTech Manufacturing, Inc.


OPINION

We have audited the accompanying financial statements of HarborTech
Manufacturing, Inc., which comprise the balance sheet as of December 31, 2024,
and the related statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for
the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of HarborTech Manufacturing, Inc.
as of December 31, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be
independent of HarborTech Manufacturing, Inc. and to meet our other ethical
responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating
to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the
financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and
maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair
presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate
whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
for one year after the date that the financial statements are issued.


AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and
therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:

  * Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
    throughout the audit.

  * Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
    statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit
    procedures responsive to those risks.

  * Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order
    to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances.

  * Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the
    reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management.

  * Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern
    basis of accounting and evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
    the entity's ability to continue as a going concern.

  * Evaluate the overall presentation, structure, and content of the financial
    statements.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding,
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant
audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified
during the audit.


Toroni & Company, CPAs

New York, New York
November 30, 2025
